Add Coil CNI to networking.md (#25194)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking.md

entries per VPC). In short, cni-ipvlan-vpc-k8s significantly reduces the
network complexity required to deploy Kubernetes at scale within AWS.

### Coil

> [Coil](https://github.com/cybozu-go/coil) is a CNI plugin designed for easy-integration and flexible egress networking.

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
[Coil](https://github.com/cybozu-go/coil) is a CNI plugin designed for ease of integration, providing flexible
egress networking.
```

Author: Thanks.

> Coil provides bare metal performance and allows you to define arbitrary egress NAT gateways for external networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coil operates with a low overhead compared to bare metal, and allows you to define arbitrary egress
NAT gateways for external networks.
```
I'm inferring that Coil has _some_ overhead but that it's really low - does that seem fair?

Author: Yes, thank you.  I will update.
